How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It is easier to compare something that doesn't work with something that has been 
    working before you have made any changes. You can just revert back to the older 
    version that has been working.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can look back at the changes you have made and decide to put something back into 
    the project that you have left out without having to spend extensive amount of time 
    trying to remember what it was.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros: You will not end up with bunch of useless versions of the file.
    cons: If you forget to save, you will lose the current version of the file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git, lots of times, are used for coding projects which links multiple files to work as 
    a whole. On the other hand, rich text editor like Goggle Docs are mainly used for 
    writing documents that does not link to other text files to work.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log command shows the user all the commits that the user has logged. Git diff
    command shows the user all the changes between commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always revert back to the older versions of the file without any hassle.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to start using Git for everything. Using Git to build my projects will be
    extremely effecient and at the same time I will have another skill up my sleeve that
    I can show off.
