What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	When you initialize a repository it tells git to keep track of all the files
	it is with in the same directory. Unless you initialize git, git will not 
	start keeping track of the files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area is different from the working directory and the repository in a sense that it 
	is in a none static state. It is in the middle between the two stages. It offers the users
	the freedom to choose what files goes into the commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	You can use the command "git diff" to see the changes you have made between the working
	directory and the staging area. You can also revert back to the previous commit, or exclude
	certain file using trackback commands if you need to.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	Branches are helpful when you want to try out an overhaul of a considerable amount on your code or projects. It is comfortable to use branch when you want to try out different new ideas on your project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Diagrams help visualizing the branch structure by laying it out like tree branches. We have often seen these kind of diagrams when explaining time travel theories.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	Merging is applying the changes that has been made to the main file. It only makes sense to draw the diagram as if two branches are 'merging' into a single branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Merging manually can be tedious, but at the end of the day merging manually will be always 
	better at determining what to keep and what to leave out compared to letting the computer 
	automatically determine.


